at the same time sergey beach today told about
made in a practical metal
case at least certainly a bouquet
consumer debt sixty
the laptop is made characteristic of
the business model of the building’s principal debt
which features are
original cabral silhouette game
vicious lid and plastic
edging the front of the metal
shells
thickness up to 13 inch laptop not
exceeded 2 centimeters
which basically fits into
boundaries recommended for
Ultrabooks however weight is 1 67 kilograms
noticeably better among the annual rate in
1 3 1 and 5 kilograms
besides calm gray exist and
more expressive bronze lovely
laptop design option
aluminum case cover in pleasant
to touch the surface model and only
the top of the bribe there is crying plastic
covering drunk wireless modules
the lid is noticeably shorter than the working panel when
this other lifanov hinges
block sent neve as usual a second
front face
it is remarkable that something like a bus is not
affected the maximum
cover opening
it is noticeably wider than most
custom gift bins
question hinge toy we note that
it easily opens with one hand what
will certainly appreciate the active mobile
users
just like the lid cover again
made of brushed aluminum core
colors in our case are all silver so
the bottom of success can be bronze
or red
in this use model
removable battery so the only
cover claude memory modules and
optional modem also
respectively air intake
made as original
perpendicular pattern and optional
protected from the inside with a fine mesh
front and back of the hull to pull
areas of the Serbs soft touch plastic
conquered almost post metal
in the herd is placed analog
video output kindergarten
kensington lock slot
lock
frontal grise hold 4 indicators
blown up stereo speakers on the floor
a wide market for increased convenience
laptop disclosures
on the right side handed down combined
audio port plug ride trinor card
rajin 45 network port reader
on the left you can find the grille
cooling systems idea may exit yet
a couple of ports drive repair opportunity
ordering peripherals sleep mode and jack
charger note that all
laptop connectors feature
plastic liners
protecting metal edges
enclosure for cable connection and
periphery
edging matt triumph inch
matrix working panel is made of
practical dark gray older
waterproof plastic
island keyboard three
hours thought out layout I think
that in the grandson of the keys I'm fine
matched by inmates characteristics
a favorable combination will only
Dontsa substrate and mirror
silver edging
keyboard unit is not too local
business models
not the biggest payment went to the answer
over the hem of the background and possess more
smooth than the surrounding plastic
surface
two section touchpad buttons scream
optimal size and soft click for sure
selected original
effort
bottom right of the work using
fingerprint scanner how much
tour you can go out three service keys for
launch support center
service settings panel of any
applications of your choice
company directory present
several dozen configuration of that
laptop which is involved in the generation
hardware platform
RAM and storage
the disc and the color of the design we need
I first hit the middle modifier
level based of course just
average rental 4 2 percent
with integrated graphics total if
4000 schedule equipped with four gigabytes
320GB RAM and RAM
In this configuration, the laptop rounds up 1652
Lopez Maxim 1175 Baltic Damascus 11 5 5 9
performance takeaway points
renault
as everything starts battery stock
capacity held starting both
two hours in maximum mode
loads and 6 hours 15 minutes in mode
reading emulations
The laptop is equipped with typically trofimova tn
matrix with standard
resolution and not large angles
review
Ismatova Palermo will sell
rubles dominoes reduce accuracy depicted
delivering look and options
brightness adjustment range extends
from 15 to one hundred and sixty condoms
meters shaped within 15 gradations
during the test operation
finding serious flaws
design miscalculations in profitability to
density of 3 60 failed laptop weighty
ultrabook standards was metallic
body characterized by high rigidity
All main panels are matte or department
perform in plastic so
this he was pleasant teach him not
will often have to wipe the typo
also liked the close attention
details for example plastic means
connectors bent keys and
short patient selected
buttons
amendment point of view of debt t3fp decided for
goof off balancer conduct with
stops with a basic set of connectors and
optional 3g module
eventually gave 103 3 60 reliably working
horse for those users
which it get productive and
with enough autonomous solution
for work in mobile devices